I made this entire website from scratch, using React.js for the frontend and Flask for the backend, which I had some experience with in the past.
I had to learn how to use MongoDB, Netlify, Emailjs, and Heroku which was a bit tedious but absolutely worth it.
The main thing I learned from this experience is that in order to be a better developer, you have to get used to reading documentation.
Opening a bunch of links and finding the solution to your problem is the only way you're gonna get better at coding,
it can seem boring to read a bunch of docs and articles, especially if you're in a good rhythm coding, but that comes with time, don't rush the process!
My favorite comic book is Beta Ray Bill: Argent Star by Daniel Warren Johnson, but there are so many amazing books I've read by so many great artists that I would recommend as well like DCeased, Thor: The Saga Of Gorr The God Butcher, or swamp thing green hell
My favorite DC comic book character is Swamp thing and my favorite Marvel character is either Silver Surfer or Adam Warlock. I'm a huge fan of cosmic comic books like Annihilation, Silver Surfer: Black, or anything Guardians of the Galaxy related!
Over the years I've gone back and forth on which comic book company is better but ultimately I think it comes down to DC
My favorite video game of all time is Super Smash Bros Ultimate. A close second is Cuphead, which I've beat on the Nintendo Switch, the Xbox one, Playstation 5, and on my Mac!
My favorite artist is impossible to decide but I like all kinds of music (even country). If I had to narrow it down I'd have to say it's either Enjambre, Daft Punk, or Ye.
My favorite album of all time is For Emma, forever ago by Bon Iver, best album of all time in my opinion. 
My favorite song of all time is Monster Mash. 
My favorite football team is the Carolina Panthers. I got into football the year Cam Newton was drafted and he was absolutely electric to watch. Cam Newton is also my favorite athlete of all time. 
I don't really have a favorite basketball team but I really like Anthony Edwards. I live in the Denver area so I root for the Nuggets but I also like the Knicks. 
My favorite baseball team can't be anything other than the Red Sox or I'll feel like I let my dad down, but I also love the Mets!
Knicks, Mets, Jets are my "backup teams" I guess you could say. 
